-----------------------------------------------------------------------
|  CHAPTER 1 - EXERCISES                                              |
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

1. How would you define Machine Learning?

     ML is the science of programming computers so that they can learn from data without being explicitly
       programmed.  Learning means getting better at some task, based on some performance criteria.


2. Can you name four types of problems where it shines?

     A. Problems with no known algorithmic solution
     B. Replacing long lists of hand-tuned rules
     C. Building systems that react to fluctuating environments
     D. Helping humans learn (ie data mining)


3. What is a labeled training set?

     A labeled training set is a training set that gives us the desired solution (a label) for each
       instance.


4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?

     Classification and regression


5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?

     A. Clustering
     B. Anomaly Detection
     C. Dimensionality Reduction
     D. Association Rule Learning


6. What type of Machine Learning algorithm would you use to allow a robot to walk in various unknown 
     terrains?

     Reinforcement Learning


7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple groups?

    If you don't know the groups, use a clustering algorithm to segment customers into clusters of
      similar customers.  If you do know the groups, you can use a classification algorithm.


8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning problem or an unsupervised 
     learning problem?

     Supervised, since we have many examples of emails that are ham and emails that are spam.


9. What is an online learning system?

     An online learning system doesn't need to use the entire data set to update it's model.  It can learn
       incrementally.


10. What is out-of-core learning?

      Out-of-core learning can learn without storing the entire data set in memory.  It can chop the data
        into mini-batches and use online learning techniques to learn from these mini-batches.


11. What type of learning algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predictions?

      Instance-based learning


12. What is the difference between a model parameter and a learning algorithm’s hyperparameter?

      A model has one or more model parameters that determines what it will predict given a new instance.  
        A learning algorithm tries to find optimal values for these parameters such that the model
        generalizes well to new instances.

      A hyperparameter is a parameter of the algorithm itself, not the model.


13. What do model-based learning algorithms search for? What is the most common strategy they use to 
      succeed? How do they make predictions?

      Model-based learning algorithms search for an optimal value for the model parameters such that the
        model will generalize well to new instances.  We usually train such systems by minimizing a cost
        function that measures how bad a system is at making predictions on the training data, plus a
        penalty for model complexity if the model is reularized.

      To make predictions, we feed the new instance's features into the model's prediction function, using
        the parameter values found by the learning algorithm.


14. Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning?

      A. Overfitting the training data because model is too complex
      B. Underfitting the training data because model is too simple
      C. Insufficient training data
      D. Non-representative training data


15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, what is 
      happening? Can you name three possible solutions?

      If the model performs well on training data, but generalizes poorly to new instances, the model
        is likely overfitting the training data.  

      Possible solutions include getting more data, simplifying the model (by reducing the number of
        parameters or features, or by regularizing the model), or reducing the noise in the training data.


16. What is a test set, and why would you want to use it?

      A test set is used to estimate the generalization error that a model will make on new instances, 
        before the model is launched in production.


17. What is the purpose of a validation set?

      A validation set is used to compare models.  It makes it possible to select the best model and
        tune the hyperparameters.


18. What is the train-dev set, when do you need it, and how do you use it?

      A train-dev set is used when there is a risk of mismatch between the training data and the data used
        in the validation and test sets.

      The train-dev set is part of the training set that's held out.  The model is trained on the rest
        of the training set, and evaluated on both the train-dev set and the validation set.

      If the model performs well on the training set but not on the train-dev set, the model is likely
        overfitting the training set.

      If it performs well on both the training set and the train-dev set, but not on the validation set, 
        then there is probably a significant data mismatch between the training data and the validation + 
        test data, and you should try to improve the training data to make it look more like the validation 
        + test data.


19. What can go wrong if you tune hyperparameters using the test set?

      If you tune hyperparameters using the test set, you risk overfitting the test set, and the
        generalization error you estimate will be optimistic.